Update rerun-failed-tests-only.adoc (#8210)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/rerun-failed-tests-only.adoc

    >./tmp/tests.txt && \
    circleci tests glob "spec/**/*_spec.rb" | circleci tests run --command ">./tmp/tests.txt xargs echo" --split-by=timings #Get the list of filenames for this container/VM

    [ -s tmp/tests.txt ] || circleci-agent step halt #if there are no filenames, terminate execution after this step

  - node/install
  # Proceed with the rest of the job
```

> Note: The `halt` command will execute the rest of the step.  Therefore, the command to execute tests should be placed in a new step after the evaluation of whether `tests.txt` has content or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `halt` command will execute the rest of the _current_ step, regardless of whether `tests.txt` has content or not. Make sure to place the command to execute tests in the _following_ step. 
```

> Note that the `halt` command will execute the rest of the step.  Therefore, the command to execute tests should be placed in a new step after the evaluation of whether tests.txt has content or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: The `halt` command will execute the rest of the step.  Therefore, the command to execute tests should be placed in a new step after the evaluation of whether `tests.txt` has content or not.
```
